Lecture Notes for Week 1
========================

Fill in your answers based on the Week 1 lecture material and submit to MarkUs by Tuesday May 12 for participation marks.

    1. What does efficiency mean when we're talking about OOP design?
It means human efficiency, that is, we need the program to be easy-to-read, hard-to-break, easy to be extended, testable and maintainable.

    2. What is a "constructor", a "class variable", and a "method"?
Constructor is a block of code that initializes the newly created instance of a class.
Class variable is a variable that declared with the static keyword in a class, but outside a method/constructor.
Method is a block of code that performs certain functionality when it is called.

    3. Give two differences between primitive and reference variables.
The Java variable can hold primitive type value directly inside, but can only hold a reference /an identifier to the reference type value.
The primitive variables all begin with a lowercase letter, while reference variables begin with an uppercase letter.

    4. What does it mean for Class A to be dependent on Class B?
If Class A uses a method from Class B, or creates and instance of Class B, then A is dependent on B.

    5. Give preliminary definitions for "Object Oriented Design", "Efficient Design", "Encapsulation", "Coupling", and "Cohesion".
Object Oriented Design is the process of building a system of interacting objects.
The process includes abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism.
Efficient Design means that the program is easy-to-read, hard-to-break, easy to be extended, testable and maintainable.
Encapsulation is the process of binding together data with methods that manipulate that data, and hiding the internal representation.
Coupling describes how much a class is interact with another class. Low coupling is favored.
Cohesion describes how much the features of class methods belong together, and work to achieve the same function.

    6. "Low coupling and high cohesion" means:
Making changes to one class would not lead to changes in other classes, and all the methods in one class have strongly-related functionality.

    7. What is a Version Control System and why is it useful?
Version Control System is a tool that help team collaborate and manage changes to code project.
It allows team members to work on the code flexibly, avoiding repeated file download and mistakes.

    8. What are three things I can do make sure that I am not accused of cheating in this course?
1. Do not post anything from this course publicly, especially to Github.
2. Try to explain the answers in detail and in my own words.
3. Do not copy or take credit for someone else's work.